README.md, before:

v002 Camera Live
================


Introduction
------------

v002 Camera Live provides a Syphon server for a connected camera, allowing it to be used as a live video feed.

Currently the only supported cameras are Canon DSLRs, see [CAMERAS.md](https://github.com/v002/v002-Camera-Live/blob/master/CAMERAS.md) for a list.

You can download the app from the [releases page](https://github.com/v002/v002-Camera-Live/releases).

Typical latency of a Canon 7D is 120 ms (between 3 and 4 frames at 30 FPS), which is comparable to the latency of the same camera's HDMI output connected to a capture device.

Troubleshooting
---------------

- Connect your camera via USB, not HDMI. HDMI capture requires an HDMI capture device.
- If your camera model was released after the latest build of Camera Live, it probably isn't supported yet.
- Make sure your camera's firmware is up to date. Firmware updates are available from Canon in your region. 
- Quit Canon's EOS Utility if you have it open.
- If your camera has a Wi-Fi/NFC mode, disable it before using Camera Live.
- Unplug all other USB devices, connect the camera directly to the computer (not via a USB hub or extension cable), and try different USB cables.
- The camera sends the image used for Live View - the dimensions will not match the camera's movie recording settings.
- An [alpha version](https://github.com/v002/v002-Camera-Live/releases/download/13/Camera.Live.zip) is available - some users have reported it solves issues they see.

Changes
-------

See [the change log](https://github.com/v002/v002-Camera-Live/blob/master/CHANGES.md) for details of changes between released builds.

Building From Source
--------------------

To build the project yourself, you must acquire your own copies of the necessary libraries:

 - The Canon EDSDK is available from Canon in your region. Place the Framework and Header folders from the SDK in the EDSDK folder alongside this file.

 - libjpeg-turbo is available from http://libjpeg-turbo.virtualgl.org. Install using the libjpeg-turbo installer, and then perform the following operations to make a copy suitable for embedding (note the thinning stage is necessary for codesigning to succeed):

````
    cd <project dir>
    cp /opt/libjpeg-turbo/lib/libturbojpeg.0.dylib libturbojpeg.0.dylib
    # id to location in app bundle
    install_name_tool -id @executable_path/../Frameworks/libturbojpeg.0.dylib libturbojpeg.0.dylib
    # link against system libgcc_s
    install_name_tool -change /opt/local/lib/libgcc/libgcc_s.1.dylib /usr/lib/libgcc_s.1.dylib
    # discard architectures for other platforms
    lipo -thin x86_64 libturbojpeg.0.dylib -o libturbojpeg.0.dylib
````

 - Syphon is available from http://syphon.v002.info. Place Syphon.framework in the Syphon folder alongside this file.

Commit message:

Added script to prepare all libraries for libgphoto2
Might need a nicer way to do this..
Remove EDSDK folder, that is not needed here

README.md, after:

v002 Camera Live
================


Introduction
------------

v002 Camera Live provides a Syphon server for a connected camera, allowing it to be used as a live video feed.

Currently the only supported cameras are Canon DSLRs, see [CAMERAS.md](https://github.com/v002/v002-Camera-Live/blob/master/CAMERAS.md) for a list.

You can download the app from the [releases page](https://github.com/v002/v002-Camera-Live/releases).

Typical latency of a Canon 7D is 120 ms (between 3 and 4 frames at 30 FPS), which is comparable to the latency of the same camera's HDMI output connected to a capture device.

Troubleshooting
---------------

- Connect your camera via USB, not HDMI. HDMI capture requires an HDMI capture device.
- If your camera model was released after the latest build of Camera Live, it probably isn't supported yet.
- Make sure your camera's firmware is up to date. Firmware updates are available from Canon in your region. 
- Quit Canon's EOS Utility if you have it open.
- If your camera has a Wi-Fi/NFC mode, disable it before using Camera Live.
- Unplug all other USB devices, connect the camera directly to the computer (not via a USB hub or extension cable), and try different USB cables.
- The camera sends the image used for Live View - the dimensions will not match the camera's movie recording settings.
- An [alpha version](https://github.com/v002/v002-Camera-Live/releases/download/13/Camera.Live.zip) is available - some users have reported it solves issues they see.

Changes
-------

See [the change log](https://github.com/v002/v002-Camera-Live/blob/master/CHANGES.md) for details of changes between released builds.

Building From Source
--------------------

To build the project yourself, you must acquire your own copies of the necessary libraries:

- install from brew the following libraries:

````
    brew install libjpeg-turbo
    brew install libgphoto2
````

On build the the libraries and headers will be places in the appropriate location

 - Syphon is available from http://syphon.v002.info. Place Syphon.framework in the Syphon folder alongside this file.
